pretty please, just let me rot until I go unknown ugly breed, so fallen off what am I when I’m alone? peel off my skin and take my eyes; replace them with unseeing stones. slice me open and feed the flies; they’ll strip me down til' i'm just bones and then from there, we’ll go…

19  21  23 I think I died and another me gathered what I left behind locked up in a chest beneath floor-boards in her mind she remembers me she’s peeking through the blinds she is not me in the memories I left behind 20  22  24 not without loss it’s all come to pass and now gone inside sit by the window peek through the blinds I can’t look at her or remember why carry her with me hidden within me heavy is my mind 19 20 I took a silver bullet  I did it all for you I knew I wouldn’t make it or get to see me through. I handled the remains as best I thought I could followed by the shame no matter where I stood. 21 22 I wasn’t meant to last I came and went for you a lesson from the past a shielded point of view I figured out a way paved it far as I could careless cleaned the slate shame followed me still through 23 24 I think I did something bad and brought this on myself I weathered it, I’m ash just leave me on the shelf a package in your mind the bitterness will stay. 	 choose to bring her with you and leave the shame behind  bad_bullet stay_shielded shame_remembers followed_inside lesson_handled

We’ve kept a secret from each other. You’ve kept a secret from me. You hold it, I know you do. We’ll never speak again, not like we used to. I’ve kept a secret from you. Nothing said out loud. I’ll tell you now. Because, we’ll never speak again, not like we used to. There was something there. I still miss you. You can take it, this thing I’ve shared… that, the love, and the care. 

cursed visions

I have never let them go, let alone, left them alone, attached, a shadow, murky just below follow them, beneath their feet, and take me where if ever should they go. in this scene, I’m not myself And if a me exists, I am nothing but the profile They are the me, They Go, They walk the way to school, They travel home for family Christmas, They’re pacing through my room, They sleep inside my bed, I am here, but just a witness and at midnight it’s high noon barely there, inside their shoes All that 	      exists 	    is them All that’s left, that’s here, it’s you first person in my words to my actions I am second point of view, all shot in third a still, a blur, a message. I dread the rising sun, I need to shed the light. for once, to be first person, an untethered second life.
