Olivia pretty please, just let me rot until I go unknown ugly breed, so fallen off what am I when I’m alone? peel off my skin and take my eyes; replace them with unseeing stones. slice me open and feed the flies; they’ll strip me down til' i'm just bones and then from there, we’ll go…

Olivia 19  21  23 I think I died and another me gathered what I left behind locked up in a chest beneath floor-boards in her mind she remembers me she’s peeking through the blinds she is not me in the memories I left behind 20  22  24 not without loss it’s all come to pass and now gone inside sit by the window peek through the blinds I can’t look at her or remember why carry her with me hidden within me heavy is my mind 19 20 I took a silver bullet  I did it all for you I knew I wouldn’t make it or get to see me through. I handled the remains as best I thought I could followed by the shame no matter where I stood. 21 22 I wasn’t meant to last I came and went for you a lesson from the past a shielded point of view I figured out a way paved it far as I could careless cleaned the slate shame followed me still through 23 24 I think I did something bad and brought this on myself I weathered it, I’m ash just leave me on the shelf a package in your mind the bitterness will stay. 	 choose to bring her with you and leave the shame behind  bad_bullet stay_shielded shame_remembers followed_inside lesson_handled

Olivia Derek I sit atop the stairs white carpeted and stained a place to wait for choices a subtle space for pain from here, I see the foyer the front and bedroom doors could go both ways, they say (make-believe to play past four) from here, and looking down I’d hit my head right at the base I remember needing stitches and the lies, your hidden face from here, I hear the stones with two birds dead, I wonder why they ring against the door and they echo in my mind ten years pass, and I’m still here they say with everything I need but I stay, can’t move an inch white carpet stains, and still I bleed

Olivia AJ an evening dream in june became these daytime visions I’m convinced they all were you passing bye upon the platform so I double-take and stare my familiar, phantom bruise when it aches, are you still there? walking park to park, I sense your steps fall in with mine best go home, it’s far too dark to feel you at my side a	bout every fortnight, I travel further past the point I allow me make believe when I almost hear your voice a bench, two rivers, an empty city a shadow hand that won’t hold back I awake from unreality just sorry I lost my grasp a single night and you I came to (one month later) missing all of june

Olivia Michael Should I How many times can I I guess I'll just How long would it take to recycle old words no longer to read you between lines not much but enough only a handful to weigh down the pockets of my mind You got played. It wasn't my intention, but you got played. I missed you.  You have everything.  I feel like you haven't really had a guy be in your corner... I can do that for you. Are we good or not? Cause I'm cold, I'm going upstairs. You kinda dress like a whore. You could have said something. This conversation isn't productive. I can't give you what you deserve. I don't think you want what you think you want. Well obviously there's something, it's not nothing. It's gonna be really hard to get drunk around you now. I don't want to be another guy in a long list of guys who've hurt her. heavier is the silence over self-incrimination I am burdened by quiet and text-hallucinations I'm sorry. I mean it. You didn't deserve it.

Olivia Brave hero whose life calls back hero pious brave hero whose death calls back hero wretch she headlong seizes doom hero slain brave hero whom fates pity she whom fates call dreadful she whom fates call vain she whom fates call mortal the fates call answer them brave she hero night breast those whose coursers heaven slain life above mighty ground you death whom rise there care once glory flame wrath since dire scatter hills headlong feast tower pointed keep circle seize draws hate rule pay doom took ponder wretch fates cloud calls cause back self sweat claws conquer secret dark fiery tremble youth sure pity spoil laws cease wave pious warrior thee vain mortal dreadful prize

Olivia eat it: all my practitions standing still and still and still still paying for my superstitions from there, out someone cries. the first time, it’s not not nothing, it’s not nothing. I’m not blind.

Olivia AJ Olivia Nick Olivia Michael all my deficiencies a paper plane receipt on it dust collecting, enough to put me in my place. all the ways that I’m left wanting a wood-cut print, the midst of falling I can’t be rid, but I’ll make space. these here are my failings a necklace in my pocket, an absent sort of following and I’m sickened by the chase. delirious from your disownings yes, you and you and you is just a collection of things my gathering of curated waste. if I stand for long enough, all statuesque, in contrapasso up high, and so untouchable, right back up & on my pedestal I will collect myself, I will. and suture up a pretty (worthy) face. what makes an object artifact time and time and time and how could I possibly last forever time and time and time again a cheap antique with not one buyer Put that bitch right back on sale! so I’m partial to the returner though they love to stop and stare It’s far too pricey to dissect her I’m on the table: please rate me fair It’s enough for us to window-shop all that exotic wear and tear So can we watch? Can we gawk? Will you let us play? Film it for us, would you? all that pain, it seems so lovely, when you put it on display! 

Olivia AJ Olivia Derek Olivia Ari Olivia dark flashes, records graphic so broken down so so I mapped it all torn up, and tear-stained, tattered many things that never mattered some some hundreds of receipts leave leave behind what I can’t keep inside, all, I’ll cut it out and maybe then shut shut my mouth the cut-outs and the shadows and all all my silhouettes everything I’ve ever touched and more and more regrets regrets, they come to gut you paper cuts to sting and bless you and joy and love and pain again again again again a gallery, a database, a puzzle box, a gift from Maine everyone I’ve ever loved, suffer parts of me I hate unsound unsound  against the ground can speak no more and can’t be found and so so much blame so so much pain in objects framed, maimed and restrained the cut-outs and the shadows and a-all my silhouettes everything I’ve ever clutched and more and more regrets affliction, gl-glitched conviction unwanted disposition rosy red stained stained shattered glass crack-frightening depiction the cut-outs and the shadows and a-all my silhouettes everything I’ve ever touched and more and more regrets

Olivia Nick Olivia Michael Olivia AJ Olivia Mark Would you have me on my knees? So reverent, oh you love it, when I make you my belief. So worshipped, I know you want it, though you act like you can’t see. I reach for God with my whole body, a follower when he comes calling… On my knees, it’s service; I’m just a sacrifice to bleed. The Devil he is cunning, and he’ll take all you can give. The devil he is running up a tally when you sin. He’s just a man who feeds on power; He loves it when you crawl. He keeps just out of reach, though he knows you’d give him all. And why should I feel safer when you have me by the throat? Call it practice, brute force habit, all I think I’ve ever known. And God, yes he is cunning, he’ll put an apple in your hand and blame you when you bite it, then say it wasn’t in his plan. He’s just a man who feeds on power; He loves it when you crawl. And when you’re on your knees, it’s service. No matter what it’s called. Whatever hold you say you have… You think that makes you more than man? I reach for God, but you’re not it. You take it all, but you can’t give. Imperfect Ugly Image. False Word, False god, Real Sin. Though (I know) you think you’re in control, you can’t play God, you’re all alone. I am not the acolyte; I am [that] I am and I feel the light. Be rid all the shadows; Confessions that I cry.

Olivia Mark We’ve kept a secret from each other. You’ve kept a secret from me. You hold it, I know you do. We’ll never speak again, not like we used to. I’ve kept a secret from you. Nothing said out loud. I’ll tell you now. Because, we’ll never speak again, not like we used to. There was something there. I still miss you. You can take it, this thing I’ve shared… that, the love, and the care. 

Olivia Jake You said our friendship meant the world to you. And maybe, yes, it could be true. but still but still before, another you poisoned by some spiteful pill, admit my punishment for what I’d somehow done to you… a festered wound. So you agree? Of course you do. You’ll bite on anything you can’t chew. years and tears, wasted, down the drain my always honest heartbreak disfiguring my face sitting on my tongue, my words, never could get through You choke on things you’ll never feel. so swallow them  swallow truths runaway, through alleyways run from my love for you care catches like a cold like a sickness, like the flu purge and purge and then remember there are conditions to it too So you’d do “anything” to fix it? when just later, you, betrayer did you did, exactly what I’d asked you not to do? So tell me, what is the truth? Did you ever love me too? I think you did, as much a jealous man could love a friend worth two.

Olivia Ari the empathy machine, a breakdown, just there. With everyone else, it’s different. There is love, then pain, then coming to terms with the end. This is supposed to be a tell-all, a feel-all, all true. But I don’t care to know your feelings, or what was going through your head, and I don’t want to write or think or speak at all about you. With everyone else, it’s different. I write about the ways I’ve let them go, and how I never will. I think I still love, I think I still care. You aren’t worth much, if anything at all. Not an hour spent pouring over words, Not a minute more in my mind. Suffocate from smoke; You don’t deserve air. It took me by surprise, both how quick it happened and how little I think about it now. The empathy machine: It broke me down there. 

Olivia Lee 453 again nineteen again it’s all the same unseen again what we gained again we lost a gain covered cracks it’s her again winter breaks and him again and him and her and her and him make a mess  all over it’s all over once again i get it now and i see why it doesn’t matter though hard i try i get it now why i accept how they undo me wrong and right and right and left i get it now why everything i try to fix is broken down and holds me down and staples up my lips i get it now why everyone i try to fix turns it around, runs me aground fiending to convict i’m tired now too much love, it makes me sick too much pain that i won’t pass i’m sorry number six 453 again nineteen again it never changed i bleed again

Olivia Nick You are to me equal to a god. Whoever I place opposite, pales. Ichor wouldn’t tarnish. Our laughter, the tempo of my heartbeat, but I remember when you stole my sound. Now, my liquid tongue has put it all to rest. From your pedestal, you’ve stepped down. My eyes, glitter gone. My ears… Can you forgive me? My body, spins & spins & spins & I’ve hit the ground. I am bluer than I’ve ever been, than water, fast, below our bridge. And when I say  “I love you” to the wind, it knows. Just this once, I’ve let it go. 

Olivia Lee I have never let them go, let alone, left them alone, attached, a shadow, murky just below follow them, beneath their feet, and take me where if ever should they go. in this scene, I’m not myself And if a me exists, I am nothing but the profile They are the me, They Go, They walk the way to school, They travel home for family Christmas, They’re pacing through my room, They sleep inside my bed, I am here, but just a witness and at midnight it’s high noon barely there, inside their shoes All that exists is them All that’s left, that’s here, it’s you first person in my words to my actions I am second point of view, all shot in third a still, a blur, a message. I dread the rising sun, I need to shed the light. for once, to be first person, an untethered second life.

Olivia Adham I’m angry and I’m bitter, but every time we were together, there were always people there. thirty-one, my familiar… sometimes that monster (but not often) … and the secret love affair. I did it and it’s over, nothing can be fixed. We didn’t have very much (make that nothing) left to give. I won’t really miss you. (we placeholders understand.) Would that I could kiss you. (you who held my hand.) I’m a “new woman” now, but I hope she doesn’t stick. There are some nothings one would never want to fix. “When he’s holding me, I can pretend I have everything I want.”

Olivia Michael I am malicious because I am miserable doctor doctor fix me please your misery renders in the image of me a year and change a knockoff noose i feel nothing at all but i like to bruise a year and change and i am, i am she i am the creature you made out of me

Olivia Scott Olivia AJ “Why can’t she understand? Some things aren’t meant to be.” “We tried so hard…” in the middle, never meet You were there I was here living in the past living in my mind You aren’t here I’m still there You’ve been gone for quite some time ghostly in the room spine-tingling, aware how does it feel to hear my name when I’m not even there? you’ve been here not quite a year eating up my innocence I’ll cry just one more time I was her now I’m not here eaten up by guilt; Does drinking clear the mind? I take up space. I’m not ashamed. owned all my decisions; Can you even say the same? so respectfully it’s over at least that’s what I hear I own all my bad habits; in fact, I hold them dear if they’re saying that you’re wrong, maybe take that as a sign sex with someone else: that's how I say goodbye validation from a stranger to approve of what you’d done the difference between you and me: I get exactly what I want.

Olivia Saf Olivia Tighter, would you mind? I’m convinced that I’ll feel lighter I’m convinced that I’ll unwind the person’s not the point we’re getting somewhere now we’re sitting at the edge of what I will allow

Olivia love is not for me I’d rather wail than breathe the bodies: not yet cold when I’m laying with my grief lust is what I need my holy grail at speed getting off: on failure when I’m forced to watch you leave

Olivia it split me open to bear such witness things spring out all armed and fitted swallow it down, choking up tightly need to get a grip honed an edge; cut to the quick to make a point to feel and hear autopsy: my head a helmet, shield, and spear